# Abstract

This is a book review website (named *BookRack*), where users are able to register and then log in using their username and password. Once they sign in, they will be able to search for books, leave reviews for individual books, and see the reviews made by other people. The database used is _postgresql_ and one of its tables is built on top of a csv file with around 50000 titles. The application also uses a third-party API by *Goodreads*, another book review website, to pull in ratings from a broader audience. The application also supports editing and deleting of user reviews. The navbar's search input field is active in every state of the application. The search term will always match  every book whose title, year, isbn or author's name include the search term. Users are also able to query for book details and book reviews programmatically via the website’s API `/api/isbn`, which returns a JSON response if the book is found in the database. The response also includes the average rating  for the title just in case there is at least one user review  registered for the book. The application's frontend is implemented with _HTML/CSS_, _javascript_, _jQuery_ and _bootstrap_. The backend is built with _Python_ and _Flask_. It is my solution to the second project assignment in  Harvard's CS50Web with Python and Javascript.  The application code is modularized using Flask's _Blueprints_. More concretely, the applications is comprised of blueprints that collect routes for user authentication and registration, routes for edition and removal of reviews, utilities routes and also routes that deal with book information and external api support as well.
